The goal was to analyse the effects of the measurements caused by COVID-19. 
The three sub-questions gave somewhat similar answers.
The participation difference between men women did not change much when comparing the pre-covid and post-covid eras.
The absolute difference between men women was 1.2% before the outbreak, 2 years after the outbreak this difference was 0.9%.  
But among both men and women, the decline in participation was 30%, so the relative difference remains about the same.
So there could be concluded that the Covid pandemic did not have any effect on the difference in usage of public transport between men and women.

As for the income of the Dutch; the first (lowest-earning) income group uses OV the most both before and after the covid outbreak.
The differences between the other income groups are negligible. 
The difference in OV use between the first income group and the rest also remains relatively the same.

Nothing really groundbreaking can be concluded in terms of age groups either.
The only thing that stood out somewhat was that the decline in use by men between 18 and 25 was greater than that of women in the same age group.
But were the results along the same lines as the first two sub-questions. 
Young people of both male and female gender remain the largest consumers of public transport.
 The order of extent to which the other age groups use public transport has changed very slightly, but this is not nearly significant enough to conclude that the rules have had a major impact. 

All in all, what can be concluded is that the covid measures have had a considerable impact on the use of public transport.
It can be said that the Dutch have started to use public transport significantly less. 
This can be said for every demographic group analysed in this analysis.
 However, it cannot really be observed that one particular demographic group has been affected harder than the rest, the relative differences between the analysed groups often remain the same. 
What further became clear is that the data used was not yet complete enough to draw a clear conclusion regarding the difference between OV use before and after the pandemic. 
The dataset used used data up to 2022. All demographic groups show an increase in 2022, but it is impossible to predict how long this increase will continue. 
Therefore, it is not yet possible to really determine what the exact effect of the measures has been. 
For follow-up research, it might be interesting to look at data with a wider range in terms of years, so that is possible to come to a conclusive answer to this question. 

